d100 Forging Festivities
1-4 Zero-G Jousting Tournament: Compete in a jousting tournament held in zero gravity, with competitors from various planets.
5-8 Celestial Culinary Contest: Compete in a cooking competition with ingredients from across the Forge, judged by gourmet experts of all sorts.
9-12 Stellar Art Installation: Participate in creating a living art installation on an asteroid, viewable from neighboring planets.
13-16 Asteroid Hunt: Embark on a large scavenger hunt on an asteroid belt.
17-20 Exospecies Expedition Race: Race against other teams to explore and document unknown species on a new planet.
21-24 Forge Fashion Fair: Attend a fashion show where designers from different sectors showcase their most avant-garde creations.
25-28 Elysium Dance Off: Dance on a stage that morphs in tune with the music, competing against other dance crews. [could be a Remnant artifact]
29-32 Symphonie De La Rupture: Attend a concert where musicians play an epic day long symphony on a Shattered World that is breaking apart. [obviously requires a Shattered World in the sector]
33-36 Alien Anthropology Exhibit: Explore an exhibit showcasing the diverse cultural practices of alien civilizations derived by pioneering anthropologists of the Forge.
37-40 Soapbox Derby: Orbit a planet in a vessel built by yourself from scrap as fast as you can in one piece.
41-44 Exotic Exobotany Expo: Discover and trade rare, exotic plants from across the Forge at an exobotanical expo.
45-48 Planetary Poetry Slam: Compete in a poetry slam narrating the wonders and mysteries of different planets.
49-52 Space Survival Simulation: Engage in a simulated survival scenario on a hostile planet, testing advanced survival gear and strategies.
53-56 Forge Trade Fair: Engage in a fair where various human settlements trade (advanced) technology, rare resources, and share knowledge.
57-60 Planetary Pioneer Festival: Compete in challenges to pioneer new settlements on a recently discovered sector, facing both environmental and rival challenges. [should be at least in the Outlands]
61-64 Outlaw Outpost Odyssey: An outlaw endeavor to create more outposts on the fringes of known space and taking over sectors in the Outer Forge.[similar to the previous prompt, but of a more outlawed nature and probably more towards the edges of the Forge]
65-68 Arduous Rally: Race in a rally across a series of planets and moons, showcasing advanced vehicular technology and navigating different terrains.
69-72 Pan-Forge Communication Convention: Attend a convention trying to develop and/or establish a Forge-wide communication network, overcoming technological and diplomatic hurdles.
73-76 Aerospace Engineering Expo: Attend an expo showcasing cutting-edge aerospace technologies, with interactive workshops and contests.
77-80 Space Habitat Hackathon: Participate in a hackathon to design self-sustaining space habitats for long-term exploration missions.
81-84 Offworld Farming Festival: Attend a festival showcasing innovative agricultural technologies for off-world farming, with competitions and demonstrations.
85-88 Boulderburg Conference: an annual off-the-record forum of the rich and wealthy, the powerful and the smart, happening unannounced for the public.
89-92 Mercenary Melee: Compete in a brutal, underground fighting tournament.
93-96 Starship Design Contest: Participate in a contest to design a starship in different categories (e.g. style, speed, extravaganza, special operation).
97-100 Heists & Hacks: An outlawed annual event featuring the exhibition and exchange of new illegal tech and "hackware".